This is Smokey the forest...
[Silence.]
Smokey the Bear, Smokey the Bear.
Hello there, folks.
This is Smokey, the forest fire-preventing bear.
Those singing friends of mine, the Sons of the Pioneers, have a song for you.
But first, how about joining us on a little visit to a big star?
Today, it's Hugh O'Brien.
Hugh's just finished another scene as Wyatt Earp.
Here he comes, tall, strong, and gosh, you look serious.
Hey, Mr. O'Brien, you can take your hands away from those guns now.
It's me, Smokey.
All right, Smokey, relax.
I was just thinking about that report you gave me to read on fires that are started in our forests.
It makes a fellow mad to know that people will deliberately set fire to the forest or range.
Every year, there are around 30,000 of these fires set maliciously or because the guilty ones don't realize the harm they're doing.
The senseless waste of our natural resources must be stopped, and they can be stopped.
If the people and communities where this is going on will just speak up against it, and if our law enforcement officers will follow through to the full extent of the law.
It's good to have you on our side, Mr. O'Brien.
These fellows here, the Sons of the Pioneers, feel the same.
They're going to sing about an old-time bandit.
Long, long ago in old Wyoming lived a maid Fair as the sweetest flower blooming in the shade. She loved a bandit bold who roamed the prairie o'er, And every night she'd listen for his call.
Then far to the west his voice came ringing Riding the wild horse he came singing, Healy-ole-yip-i-ole-yay. Healy-ole-yip-i-ole-yay He brings a token of his love. Swift as the wind he goes, High in the hills he knows she's waiting, Healy-ole-yip-i-ole-yay. Healy-ole-yip-i-ole-yay.
One day he rode away but never to return.
Danger was waitin' now, his love must ever yearn.
Long days and lonely nights, she waited all in vain.
Till winter passed and summer came again.
Till every night when the moon came shining For his song her heart was pining, Healy-ole-yip-i-ole-yay. Healy-ole-yip-i-ole-yay, He brings a token of his love. Swift as the wind he goes, he goes high in the hills He knows she's waiting, Healy-ole-yip-i-ole-yay. Healy-ole-yip-i-ole-yay.
One night an angel brought a message from her love. Told her he waited in the starlit sky above. Softly she closed her eyes and bade the angel go, And then the whole world echoed to his song.
For straight down a moonbeam he came ridin' Out of the sky on a winged horse glidin' Healy-ole-yip-i-ole-yay. Healy-ole-yip-i-ole-yay, He brings a token of his love. Swift as the wind he goes, High in the hills he knows she's waitin' For his Healy-ole-yip-i-ole-yay. Healy-ole-yip-i-ole-yay. Healy-ole-yip-i-ole-yay.
Well, that's it for now, folks.
Thanks a lot for spending this time with us.
You know, it's your own state forestry department, along with the Forest Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, and this station you're listening to that make these get-togethers possible.
until we say hello there again and pay another little visit to another big star.
This is Smokey and his pals, the Sons of the Pioneers, asking you to always remember.
Only you can prevent forest and range fires.
Smokey the Bear, Smokey the Bear, prowlin' and a-growlin' and a-sniffin' the air.
He can find the fire before it starts to flame.
That's why they call him Smokey, that was how he got his name.
[Music.]